-Previously on "Million Dollar
Listing New York"...
- Got an offer.
- I've got an offer too.
- I want full price.
- That's 25,000 under
the full ask.
- I agree.
- Ah! Yes!
- This is the greatest townhouse
in the history of man.
- We thought 20 million would
really be the going price.
- No.
- No?
- They can't do it at 20.
Hey, Ward, how are you?
- I think I should hold back
a certain number of units.
- You what?
I'm gonna pretend
I never heard it.
You can't take away units
that I already sold.
- Fredrik, I'm not changing.
- It's not about the money
or the commission record.
I have to put my foot down.
[upbeat music]
-I've conquered New York,
but I'm not stopping there.
No boundaries,
no limits, no problem.
- The most important thing
to me is moving forward.
I'm all about the journey,
not the trophy.
- I'm the top dog
in real estate.
I fetch deals all day long,
but then I come home
for a treat.
I didn't steal your clients,
they came to me.
- I worked really damn hard
to get here.
I'm not gonna have
somebody like you steal from me.
- You're not gonna disrespect me
ever again.
* *
[upbeat music]
- What in the f***?
This is all 87th Street?
- Yes, that's what the
inspectors came back with.
- My new listing on 87th Street
has just turned into a disaster.
It's an amazing seven-story,
8,400-square-foot townhouse
on the Upper West Side.
So you listed it for 18
3 1/2 years ago.
- Basically.
- Right.
The problem is, it's actually
too big for New York buyers,
so I recruited my team members
from other cities
that feature big houses,
and Sebastian has a buyer.
That buyer demanded
an inspection
before he would even
make an offer.
- Well, that's
a different story.
And now that inspection report
has come back,
and it's not a report.
It is a novel.
[phone trilling]
Ay-yi-yi.
- Hey, Ward, it's Ryan.
- So much.
First, we are expecting
an offer, which is awesome.
There's a lot of, like, little
stuff they want fixed.
Nothing crazy, it's like
$25,000, something like that.
- Mm-hmm, yes.
It's annoying, I know,
but we do this stuff,
then they will absolutely
make an offer,
and I think
we can get this done.
- I get that Ward is mad,
but he needs to suck it up.
He's had this house on the
market for over three years,
and it's costing him money every
single month to carry the house.
So spending $25,000 to make
$18 million is not that hard.
- Okay, but--but the--
Hello?
Did he just hang up?
Did Ward just hang up?
[groans]
God, you f***ing, sh**, ****.
[sighs]
Okay,
I have to learn to breathe
in moments of insane anger.
Jordan, can you get me
Sebastian on the phone
right now, please?
- Yeah.
- I can't let this deal die
over something so stupid
and so trivial.
[sighs]
Okay.
[upbeat music]
* *
- Sure I can get it,
but I'll make the phone call.
I'll see if we can get it.
'Sup handsome?
- Good morning.
How you doing?
- Very good.
- Great to see you.
- What was so urgent
that you had to stop me
in the middle of trading?
- Something very--Oh, it's
something very, very special.
Dennis
is the financial advisor
for a very big investor
named Ben,
who I've done deals with
in the past.
If you find the right
opportunity, he will buy.
opportunity again, he will buy.
This is the kind of client
that will put your grandkids
through college.
Yeah,
so I'll get right to it.
Listen, there's this
opportunity.
This is gonna be the number one
building when it's built.
Now, you remember the
St. John's building in Tribeca
on Murray Street?
- 111?
- Yes, 1--
- Yeah, yeah, yeah,
we've read some amazing articles
about the development team.
- So all of it's amazing.
111 Murray, it's developed by
Fisher Brothers, Steve Witkoff,
and Howard Lorber,
the owner of my firm.
Everybody in town wants to be--
wants to bring
their clients here.
I got access to come in before
they open the sales office.
- So you're the first one in?
- Yes.
- How'd you do that?
- Because I'm a persistent
Puerto Rican.
I called Howard every single day
for the past five months,
and I kept on calling,
and I kept on calling.
And Howard's like,
"Stop calling me,
stop calling me,
stop calling."
And I kept on calling,
and I kept on calling,
and one day he says
"All right, stop!
Luis, yes, you can go in."
And that's how I got it.
And now I have to make sure
I do not let him down.
So by being
the first ones there,
we secure a unit at
the very, very, very first price
in a building that everybody
will want to be a part of.
- When do you want
to go look at it?
- I have it next week,
Wednesday.
- I'm booked solid.
- There's no moving
appointments, like that is--
if we don't go on Wednesday--
- No way.
- You don't understand.
If--
Unless you're having
open-heart surgery--
actually, even if you're having
open-heart surgery,
you have surgery
at this meeting.
At 12:00 p.m. Listen,
you have to make the effort.
Trust me on this.
* *
- Okay, let's see if we got
Wednesday available.
- All right, you got it,
beautiful, beautiful.
- Thank you.
- If I'm the first one
that comes in,
and I bring
a qualified client
that pulls the trigger
right then and there,
it's a guarantee that every
other new development,
they will call me knowing
that I have this kind of buyer.
- Chris, clear up my schedule,
Wednesday, 12:00.
- I love it.
[laughs]
[upbeat music]
* *
- Jordan.
- Mm-hmm?
- This office is a real mess.
- I think it shows
that it has character.
- No, but you know my mom said
when I was a kid that, like,
geniuses are always
messy people.
And I kind of took that
to heart.
[phone ringing]
Oh, God, Mona.
Mona's a client of mine--
I mean,wasa client of mine.
- Fredrik!
- Look at you.
She's the developer
of an amazing new building
in Williamsburg.
It's a 60-unit conversion
with the most beautiful details
and finishes.
I threw a huge event
in the hopes of selling out
about 10% the first night,
until she told me she's gonna
hold back 12 units for herself.
Which are you gonna take off?
I'm getting offers.
- We'll go through it.
- In the end,
there was nothing I could do,
but I asked her
that in the event
she brings back the 12 units,
they have to go to me.
- I'll discuss this with you
when and if
you sell the project out.
- But why am I not
getting paid commission?
- Let it go right now.
- Get you to agree--
No, tomorrow you're gonna hire
another broker.
I had to quit the project,
and you know how difficult
that is for me.
There was no other way.
Fredrik here.
- Somewhat?
- What?
- You're giving me back
something that's crazy.
I have to sell another 18 units
in two weeks.
So this is how she's agreeing
to what I think is fair,
by upping the odds,
telling me,
"Yes, you can have the 12 units
if you sell half
in two weeks?"
- This is the thing
with developers,
they think it's like these
offers just, like,
miraculously...[hums]
come down from the sky.
- Wait, I--
- Mona, Mona, Mona,
wait, wait, wait, wait, wait.
- Oh, my God, I can't.
I never win.
It's like because
I'm selling so many,
I always get penalized.
Sorry, what?
- Mona, Mona, Mona,
Mona, Mona, Mona.
First,
I want to say this first:
I do appreciate you taking time
and reconsidering.
So I...
accept.
At some point,
it's not about her anymore.
From the very beginning,
I took on this project
because I wanted
to prove myself
in Williamsburg
in new development.
I'm back on the project.
Do I think I'm gonna make it?
No.
Will I accept
and try my hardest?
100% yes.
But what you're asking from me
is impossible.
- Here we go.
Get to work, Jordan.
- Coming up...
- Luis, this is not
the time and place
to be negotiating like that.
- It's what my clients want.
[upbeat music]
* *
- This is a disaster.
- Air between front airway
and first--
Look who it is!
- What's up, brother?
- How was the flight?
- Not bad.
What's going on?
- What do you mean,
"What's going on?"
Here's 30 pages
for a brand-new house.
- Yeah,
and it's got to be done.
It has to be done.
- Sebastian's buyer is
a big entertainment CEO,
and it is super important
that I make him happy.
So I am willing to work
with them on a few things--
not everything,
but a few things.
You and I, that's why
we are a united front,
and we have
to figure this out.
If that means I'm spending more
of my commission
when this deal goes through,
then so be it.
I mean, there is nothing
worth losing a deal over.
So number one:
"grouting at hearth."
Like around here?
- Yeah, right there,
and here on this side.
- You don't even know.
You know this is ridiculous.
Okay, okay, you know what?
Do you know how you deal
with people like this?
You kill bees with honey.
Grout.
"Sitting room floor
to be repaired."
I think it looks fine.
We should take this
off the list.
- That...
- This looks like flooring.
- That...this.
- Fine, you know what?
Bam, bam, that's teamwork.
You're gonna do another one.
Great.
I get that Sebastian
is being stubborn
because he's representing
his client.
- "Leaking shower."
- But now this is just annoying.
You seriously want to make
a big deal about this one?
You don't want to just take
this one off the list?
- What if somebody runs in
and slips and falls?
- Who's running in
to slip and fall
while you're taking a shower?
- Kids, I don't know.
- Mmm, injured kids.
Sounds like a lawsuit.
- Boom, boom.
- If this deal goes through,
I will have lost $25,000
of my commission.
But that's okay.
I'll just dry my tears
with the other $1/2 million.
Oh, my God,
all the pink stickies.
[upbeat music]
* *
- Mona's given me
an impossible task:
18 units in 14 days,
but I don't have time
to whine and complain.
Just got to do it.
That's pretty good.
I did an insane
digital advertisement package
for this building, I mean, more
than I've ever done in my life.
And there's this new banner
that I love.
Basically it works like this:
you visit my website once
and then wherever
you go the internet,
it doesn't matter where,
you can buy underwear, a bra,
my building shows up
on the websites.
It follows you around.
It's actually kind of scary,
but good for me,
because, trust me,
it's working.
- Hello, hi.
- Hey, Fredrik, how are you?
- Good to see you, welcome.
We're in 3C: South-facing,
two-bedroom, 1,206 square feet,
1.425,
and I'm telling you right now,
this is where everybody
wants to be.
Hi, welcome.
Because of a time crunch
I am doubling up--
actually, I am tripling up.
And I love the brass detail.
Look here.
Isn't it gorgeous?
You have buyers;
I know you have buyers.
I have to talk fast here.
I mean, I have 20 brokers coming
today, 30 brokers tomorrow.
I don't have time
for pleasant conversation
quick, quick, quick, quick,
quick.
Two bedroom, two bath;
let's go see the master.
Developers never ever put in
beautiful closets like this.
And then I love this;
this is custom by Paris.
- How high are the ceilings,
actually?
- Probably 11.
- Okay.
- We have a penthouse
for $5 million.
It has multiple terraces,
amazing view.
Do you want to go up?
I see a smile.
- Whoo-hoo!
- It's not done.
- That's good.
You need to--you need to,
you know,
get your mortgage in order,
all that paperwork.
It takes two or three months
to get the money ready.
In two months it'll be done.
I don't have time
for negative.
I don't like negativity.
Criticism to me is like
a boomerang.
You just throw it away,
but it always comes back
for me as a positive.
- Is there parking
in the building?
- No, no parking.
- No parking.
- But you see,
park right there.
- Absolutely.
- What about the noise?
- What noise?
Oh, you mean
the voices inside saying,
"Sold out, sold out, sold out."
- No, from the bridge.
- The bridge right here.
- I love this bridge.
You know some people buy
$40 million sculptures
to have in their apartments.
I would just buy this apartment
and look at this sculpture.
[laughter]
Get your buyers in line,
and get me some offers.
Let's do this, people.
Hi.
[upbeat music]
* *
- This is good, man.
- He's gonna be excited.
- He's gonna be very excited.
- Just so you know,
this building,
this will be
the most exclusive building
that's ever been built
in the city.
- Maybe we can
make something happen.
- Oh, yes.
- Here, boss.
- Thanks, Jay.
111 Murray is located
in the southwest of Tribeca,
right next to the greenery
of Battery Park,
but it still has
the charm of Tribeca.
All right.
The site
has not been built yet,
so the developer chose
a nearby office building
to put the entire sales office.
- Luis, how's it going?
- Yes, good morning.
- Good morning. How are you?
- Good to see you.
This is Denny Serero.
- Hi, Peter Zaiteff.
Nice to meet you.
- Thank you very much.
We are the first people to ever
get into the sales office.
- I'm excited.
- Thank you for that.
- Okay, great.
We all set?
- Yup.
- Welcome to 111 Murray.
- Wow.
- Ah, yes!
This--this--it's how you build
a sales office.
How long does it take to make
something like this?
- Like, six months
and probably $400,000.
- $400,000?
We are in the wrong business.
- [laughs] Yeah.
- That's amazing.
- So this is it, 111 Murray.
It's 64 stories.
There's 157 units
in the building.
From the 44th floor up,
it's only two apartments
per floor,
so it's gonna feel
very private.
- Once every decade,
there is this building
that's built
that changes
the skyline of New York
and defines what
luxury buildings are all about.
- There's over 20,000
square feet of amenities
in the building:
75-foot lap pool,
3,000-square-foot gym,
and media room.
We also have
a fully built-out sales model.
- Wow.
- [laughing]
- Huge views out to the West
over the Hudson River.
- I mean, come on.
What floor are we on--
well, pretending to be?
- So we are on
the 44th floor here.
- This is amazing.
- This is beautiful.
- The real thing is only gonna
be ten times better than this.
[upbeat music]
- Custom herringbone floor
pattern and stain,
Borghini Calacatta stone,
Travertine backsplash,
free-standing soaking tub.
- This is beautiful.
- The developer
is putting $5 million
just on the sales gallery.
I mean, that tells you
the level of quality
this building will deliver.
- So the unit that we're
actually in right now
is 44 West,
priced at $7.8 million.
Is that in your...
- My clients, you know, give me
the access to go up to 13.5.
- Wow, this is amazing.
I sent Ben a couple of ranges
of different units
in this building,
but I had no idea he was going
to pick the big one.
- Do you have it?
- I can show it to you.
- Big, fat check.
Ha!
- So here we're around 500 feet
in the air.
- This is gonna be
close to 700 feet.
- And this is the five bedroom.
- This is the one.
- Okay.
- This is definitely the one.
- What is the price on this?
- It's Schedule A price:
It's 13,750,000.
- My client authorized me
to go up to 13.5.
That's our limit.
That's where we're going.
- You're here the first day,
and there's only six of these
units in the whole building.
- Every buyer
always wants to negotiate,
but sometimes there are places
that are just like
the f***ing store,
where you just got to go to the
register and pay the tag price.
- No way.
My client wants to stay at 13.5.
- I don't think
that's gonna work.
- Coming up...
- 15.5 U.S. dollars?
[dramatic music]
* *
- You're here the first day,
and there's only six of these
units in the whole building.
- Okay.
- No way.
My client
wants to stay at 13.5.
- I don't think
that's gonna work.
- Can--do you--can I have a
minute with my client, please?
- Sure, absolutely.
- Thank you.
All right, just so you know,
they're not gonna take anything
else than Schedule A.
I mean,
we're gonna look like a joke.
- What's Schedule A?
Explain that to me.
- Schedule A is the first price
that's submitted on the offering
plan to the Attorney General.
As soon
as they start selling units,
they will amend the prices,
and the prices will go up.
This is the bottom bottom,
like, this is--we cannot go
lower than this.
- I understand, Luis.
Listen,
you know my client
just as well as I do.
He wants to negotiate.
He put a price in mind,
and he won't stop
till he gets that.
This is why we hired you.
- It's actually very hard
to find a client
that will pay
this amount of money
right off the bat
without asking any questions.
And I know Ben, and I know
that he likes to negotiate,
but I swear that I thought
that this
was the kind of project
where he understood not to.
- You've got to get this done.
- I understand, but right now
if we walk away from this
and they open the doors to the
rest of the brokers,
they're all going to jump.
- It's $250,000.
It's not a lot of money.
- That's $200,000
that we shouldn't even bother
on trying to discuss.
- Just put the offer in.
You don't know
what they're gonna say.
- [sighs]
Okay.
- Get it done.
- Even though I know
this is a mistake...
I'll be back.
That's what the client wants.
I have to put on the face,
and I have to represent that.
Peter.
- Luis.
- [exhales deeply]
All right,
so this is exciting.
We can get
this apartment sold today.
- Let's do it.
- So we're going to give you
an offer of 13.5.
[tense music]
- Luis, you have to realize
we have a list of over
1,000 names
that want to get in the doors.
We got you in first.
- Yeah, I understand,
but most of those people
that will come in
will most likely not sign
a contract that same day.
I think we've got a solid
client, extremely qualified.
There is not a lot of $13
million buyers out there today.
And it's, for him,
a principle thing
to be able to negotiate
something of the asking.
That's always how
he's done his business.
- Luis, you're gonna offend
the developer.
You're gonna offend
the sponsor.
- Why?
- We got you in early.
This is not the time and place
to be negotiating like that.
- Listen,
I understand this product
and understand what's happening.
- Right.
- But the reality is,
it's what my clients want.
- I do not think it has a chance
of going through.
- Present the offer,
please.
- Okay,
I'll present the offer.
- Thank you.
- Thank you, Luis.
- All right, call me tonight,
please, or as soon as you hear.
- Absolutely.
- Thank you, Peter.
If this deal doesn't go through,
I'm worried Howard will think
it was a mistake
giving me the chance
to be the first one in.
[upbeat dance music]
- No, no, no, no, no, no.
The penthouse is more expensive
because it's also the largest.
- I do have buyers.
- I know you have buyers.
That's why I invited you.
Yeah, so the private showing
is on Monday at 3:30.
Oh, you already told him
you're not moving forward.
- How many bedrooms?
- It's a four-bedroom,
4 1/2 bath,
with two big terraces.
Let's discuss that
at the private showing.
Yeah,
we have the deal sheet ready.
I just need
your return information.
One last thing:
congratulations.
Yes!
[grunts]
I mean, the reason
why Manhattanites buy
in Williamsburg
is they get more for the money.
[gasps]
They're, like,
young professionals
buying at lower price points
but getting the amazing views
of the Manhattan skyline.
[ding]
[keys jingling]
This week has been so insane.
I've been coming home
at midnight every night.
Hi, you sexy sh**.
- Hey, babe.
- Sorry I'm coming home so late,
so much to do.
- Why are you
in such a good mood?
- I have only
one single unit left, one.
That's right!
I sold 17 out of the 18 units
in six days.
Yay!
Yes.
Whee!
Sold!
[laughs]
I have one more unit.
Feels so good to be so close.
That's the amazing thing
about new development.
I mean,
when you know how to surf,
you ride that wave,
and you can ride it all the way
to the golden shore.
I thought
I was gonna lose everything,
and now I just have one more.
But enough about real estate.
So...
- So you're happy
with the decision you made?
Derek and I recently decided,
despite the pain
that we had a miscarriage
that we're gonna try again.
We're gonna do it.
We're gonna try again.
And we decided
to put in three embryos:
two girls,
one from me and one from Derek,
and the third one is a boy,
from me.
Less than 1% chance
that we get three.
20-25% chance
that we get two, twins.
70% chance that we get one.
Let's see, let's see.
Let the universe decide
what it's gonna be.
- No worry that we're gonna
end up with three?
- You're the one
that's worried.
You're frightened.
- It's 1% chance.
- Can you image you, me,
three babies, and two dogs?
I mean, I can't even grasp
what that would look like.
Three.
Three babies?
Be careful what you ask for.
Friday morning at 11:30 a.m.
is the transfer.
- Yeah.
- Three embryos.
- Whatever we have,
we are meant to have.
[both smooching]
- Time for sleep.
- No, no sleep, babe!
- What?
- [laughs]
I know.
I realize.
[laughter]
[upbeat music]
* *
- Sebastian's back in L.A.
trying to get a hold
of his client,
so for now
I am in a holding pattern,
which means
I am going to do something
that I don't often get to do.
Hello?
- Hey.
- What's going on, man?
- How are you?
- Yes, I have friends.
- Hey, bro.
Here you go.
- What is this?
I don't want this.
Get this out of my face.
These are guys
I went to college with
at Hamilton College.
We used to be total ballers.
We used to party all night.
Oh, move the diapers.
Now everybody has a baby.
Look who it is!
- Aww, Hudson.
- Hudson.
- It's interesting.
Things are so different.
I mean, I'm getting married,
and I'm gonna have kids.
Emilia wants no less
than 12 children.
- 12?
Has she had one?
- Not yet.
[laughter]
You know, I think about why
I work so hard
and why I schedule myself
so much.
Now I really do
do it for Emilia.
I have a family now.
I feel like I'm in
a minivan commercial,
is what I feel like.
How do you know
if he's had too much?
- How's your black sweater
looking: white or black?
- It's black.
- Okay, you're good.
[phone ringing]
- Oh, oh, no.
Hey, maybe you take him now.
Oh, no, oh, okay, okay, okay.
You guys just entertain
yourselves.
Hold on.
Yo.
- Oh, my God,
I love you so much.
- 17.5 million?
- 15.5?
U.S. dollars?
15 1/2 that's it?
- I can't believe this.
I mean, I know I don't have to
pay for the inspection cost
before a deal goes through,
but I spent so much time to get
them to this point,
and now I got to deal
with this bullsh** offer?
I don't really know
what to say right now.
And now I got to go to Ward
and give him
this insulting offer.
This is ridiculous.
- Coming up...
[upbeat music]
* *
- What about the noise?
- What noise?
- From the bridge.
- The bridge right here.
- The bridge?
That's the best part.
- Okay, so what about North?
We have North.
- After selling out fairly
quickly 17 out of the 18 units,
I'm having
a lot of difficulties
pulling that last deal
off the shelf.
- I mean,
I know in new development,
this is how it can be.
I mean,
you get a lot of it at once,
and then it takes a few days
and you get nothing,
and then you try
not to stress yourself out.
- Hi, how are you?
It's Fredrik.
- This one is actually well
priced, around 1,250 a foot.
Beautiful two-bedroom, really
high ceilings, amazing light.
Everybody wants to be on this
side looking at that bridge.
- It looks like
a highway overpass to me.
- You know,
I respectfully disagree
because I think 5 million
is actually kind of a steal.
I mean, you know--
Hello?
[sighs]
In the beginning,
it's always easier and quicker
because people can come in,
and they can cherry pick
their units.
Now it's like boom.
- Yes.
[upbeat music]
* *
- I have not heard from Peter,
and it's been 24 hours.
He's making me nervous.
Maybe it's because
he presented my offer,
they're not taking me seriously,
and they're moving along
with other people.
- Roni, Peter called,
did he?
- No.
- [sighs]
Roni, Roni, I need it.
[exhales sharply]
[tense music]
* *
F*** it.
I'll call myself.
[line trilling]
- Hey, Luis?
- Peter, any news?
- I f***ing knew it.
I knew it, but listen,
now I just have to get Dennis
to come up to full ask.
I understand that,
and I appreciate you guys taking
me in before anybody else.
Let me see what I can do.
- What?
- Wow.
Everything that I did
to be the first person in there
no longer matters
because they're already
letting people in.
My client didn't even want
to go on Schedule A.
If I tell him that he has to
come up 5% percent in 24 hours,
he's gonna walk away.
- Peter, he is one of
those clients where--
- I'll get back to you.
- This is exactly what happens
when you try to negotiate
in a building
that everybody in the world
wants to be a part of.
The price goes up $600,000
in less than 24 hours.
Jesus.
F***.
I have to get Ben up in price.
Get me a meeting with Dennis.
I need to do this face-to-face.
- Okay.
[upbeat music]
* *
- I'm not too happy
with Sebastian's offer.
- That's it?
But I'm hoping
that Ward might be.
Hey.
- Hey, Ryan.
How are you?
Good to see you.
How are you doing?
- I am awesome.
- That's good to hear.
- So I have good news.
- Okay.
Good news is always good.
- I was able to get them
to finally make an offer.
- Okay, great.
- 15.5.
- Seems really low, seems really
low, so we're definitely--
- But it's an offer
for a house that hasn't had
an offer in 3 1/2 years.
- I wanted to list at 20.
- I remember.
That was a good time.
- And you were very certain
that 18 could get it done.
- I'd list it at 18,
but 16 is the right number.
- It's not what we want.
- The internet
is everywhere now,
and they are gonna know
that the house
has been
on the market forever
and they're just not
gonna come in
at the asking price.
I know I can get them up,
but we have to counter.
- Well,
if we want to counter,
I think we should counter
at 18.
That's the number.
- You want to counter
at the same asking price
you've been at
for 3 1/2 years?
Hmm...
Mm...mm.
- We put a lot of effort
into this house.
- I know I work for you,
right?
But I also work
for the deal,
and I know you do want
to sell this house.
And that's just unrealistic.
We need to counter,
or we're gonna lose them.
- I mean, what...
[sighs]
What if we counter at 17?
- Okay, okay, okay, okay.
I'll be right back.
- Hey, Sebastian.
So the official counter
is 17.
- Right,
no, I remember that.
I know
we're not just accepting it,
and maybe that's what happens
out in the West Coast,
but in New York
we have negotiate a little bit,
and it can be
a little bit annoying.
So you just need
to get your guy up.
- That's, like, the most
negative attitude ever.
Don't--didn't you learn from me?
What the f***?
Get him up.
You can get him up.
Get him up. Get him up.
Get him up.
- You know, I think I should do
more deals with my team
because it gives me
the opportunity
to critique their work.
Kids, okay.
Sebastian right now, he's kind
of like--like, at a B-.
- Good news?
- I don't know yet.
I don't know.
[phone chimes]
Oh.
[suspenseful music]
* *
F***! F***!
Um...
This is not the counter
that I was hoping for.
Ward is never,
ever gonna take this.
This deal's dead.
Coming up...
- If we want the apartment,
we have to pay
5% over Schedule A.
- What?
- Yes.
[suspenseful music]
[phone chimes]
- Oh.
I got a verbal
to come up to 16.
- Oh, wow.
- I'm f***ing pissed off,
but I can't let Ward know that,
otherwise I will lose him.
So we're...
That's up
$1/2 million dollars!
That's a lot.
- We're still, oh, man,
a million difference right now.
- Yeah, the house has been on
the market for a very long time.
- You keep reminding me how long
it's been on the market,
and, you know, to me,
what I'm hearing right now
are a lot of excuses.
- This is the one person we've
been able to get in the door
to actually make an offer,
so we need to come down.
We need to come down.
We need to be aggressive.
We need to go back to them
with 16.5.
Pull on your big-boy pants,
and we got to just sell
this f***ing house.
- I get it, I get it.
You know, look,
I'm a real estate developer.
Let's go back at 16.5, final,
final offer, no lower, no lower.
- I'll be right back.
16.5, okay, so we are,
like, basically there.
- You have no idea
the type of person
I'm dealing with right now.
My team reached out to thousands
of people from other cities,
and we've got one person--
one.
- If he walks out,
I'm gonna have to open an office
in, like, Mongolia
to try to find more buyers.
[groans]
- Good news?
- Um, they're gonna do 16 1/4.
Now we're $250,000 apart.
- I mean,
it's a little insulting.
I got to stand for something,
and, like,
this is out of principle.
We're not doing that.
- Principle.
If we don't take this,
we're gonna be here
in two years
talking about $15 million
or $14 million.
Right? Or we're gonna talk
about renting it.
- [groans]
We'll do 16 1/4.
Let's do it.
Let's wrap it up.
- Yes!
[laughs]
Yes!
Oh!
We made it!
Oh, man...
yes.
There you go,
look at those teeth.
- I'm happy, come on.
- Look at those teeth.
Ward actually seems to be
in a good mood.
Maybe he'll actually pay
for the inspection cost for me.
And the punch list.
- No, I'm not doing that.
You want to do it?
Go for it, but I'm not doing
the punch list.
- Deal's off.
- [chuckles]
[upbeat music]
[phone chimes]
* *
- Phillip.
- Thank you.
- Hi.
- Hey, what's up?
- Okay, so listen,
I can see
in the eyes when the buyer
wants an apartment.
I've been doing this
long enough.
- This is a fabulous apartment.
- Everybody knows that you want
that apartment, the penthouse.
- They like it.
- So where's the offer?
That's why
I'm meeting you here.
- Listen, they're also looking
at places along the water.
- You don't need to look
at anything else,
because I know
that this is the best.
It's a conversion
with those high ceilings.
Where else
are you gonna find that?
- I got to talk to them.
You know I can't force anybody
to do anything.
- It's so gorgeous,
and you have the bridge;
you have the water;
you have everything.
- I will let you know
as soon as I hear back.
- I'm one unit away
to complete the challenge,
but that's not enough
for Mona.
It's all or nothing,
and trust me,
I'm not the kind of guy who
wants to be left with nothing.
I just need to sell one more.
One more.
[tense music]
- We have a huge opportunity
to make a long-term investment
in a quality company
that can do very well.
- How you doing?
- So why don't we do this?
Look at the email,
I'll send it out to you,
and let's touch base next week,
all right?
Take care.
What's up, brother?
You got some good news for me?
Give me some good news, baby.
- I do not, man.
They're not going
to accept our offer,
and they're not going to accept
Schedule A anymore.
- Why?
- Because since we were there,
they have sent
three contracts out.
- Weren't you--
aren't you the first guy in?
- I was,
but now they're allowing
some brokers to start coming in.
Listen, this is a building that
was very hot, I told you.
- I mean, Luis, I told him
we were getting a deal.
Now you're telling me we can't
even get Schedule A pricing?
- If we want the apartment,
we have to pay 5%
over Schedule A.
- What?
- Yes.
- Not happening.
It's not happening.
We'll just sit back and wait.
- There's no waiting.
Even 5% now
is still a good number.
This comes from every single
inch of experience
I have in this business.
Buildings like this come up
once every ten years.
- Stop.
Stop the sales, this is--
- Hold on, no.
This is the--this is the truth.
It's either that or lose
a great, great apartment,
and maybe tomorrow it's 10%
- I'll call him.
I mean, let's see what happens.
- There have been developments
that offering plans have been
amended 20, 25 times.
- And now they want
to boost us up to 5%.
- 5%,
this is still a good deal,
and I'm not gonna lose this.
- No.
I understand that.
He was the first one in.
I mean, look, here's--
I need to be on
that phone call
because I need to make sure
that he tells him exactly
what needs to be told.
- And he kid's great
at what he does.
I do.
Okay.
All right, so he's prepared
to go up to Schedule A pricing,
nothing more than that.
- Listen, man,
I cannot go back to Schedule A.
I even tried--even if we wanted
to go Schedule A,
they're not gonna do that.
- Luis, you can do this.
Make it happen.
- This is so f***ed.
Going back to Peter
is not gonna do me any good.
I have to go
straight to the source.
to Howard Lorber,
as much as I hate it,
because he's already done
so much for me.
I have no choice.
All right.
- You got this.
Love it.
[suspenseful music]
* *
- Mona gave me an impossible
task two weeks ago
to sell 18 units,
and today my time is up.
* *
Whoo!
[laughs]
- [laughs]
Fredrik!
- Hi, beautiful.
- What do you have me
doing here?
What is this all about?
- I just walked from Brooklyn,
'cause I know you have a thing
for bridges.
- I love this, but what are we
meeting out here for?
Look at these balloons.
They're gorgeous.
- Unit 2B...
sold!
- No way.
- Phillip sold.
In less than two weeks.
I did it!
- I knew you would do it.
- * La-la-la-la-la-la *
Yes, yes, yes, yes, honey!
- Didn't I tell you?
I'm so proud of you.
Amazing.
Thank you, thank you, thank you.
- Thank you.
I couldn't be more excited
because I completed
my end of the deal.
So now, Mona,
are you going to?
- All of the 12 units
that I was holding...
- You promise that?
- Absolutely,
a deal is a deal.
I promise.
- Muah, muah.
Oh, my God, I did--I did 18
units. [laughs]
I get my--I get--What'd I say?
[laughing]
I love you.
- I love you too.
[upbeat music]
* *
- So you going
to the Knicks game on Saturday?
- No.
- Oh, you're in Florida.
- I'm going to Florida.
Where you gonna be this weekend?
Hamptons?
- Yeah, on Saturday.
- Okay, good.
- Hello.
- Luis.
- How you doing, Michael?
Good to see you.
Pleasure.
- How's it going?
- Very good.
- Is it a good time?
- Yeah, yeah, yeah, we're done.
- Yeah?
- Go, go, go.
- Okay, how you doing, Howard?
- You don't want to stay?
- No, I don't want to stay.
- You don't like Luis?
- He's dressed
better than me today.
- He's always dressed better.
[laughter]
- Good to see you.
How are you?
- I'm good.
What's going on?
- Um...
There's a certain level
of respect I have for Howard,
and he's the kind of person I
would like to bother the least.
Now, I asked Howard to give me
early access to this building,
and now I have to ask him
for another favor.
I have a problem,
a big problem, actually.
- Another problem?
- Well, this is a--
- A different problem.
- Yeah.
- Okay.
- You know how you got me into
the building, and...
listen, the problem
is that the buyer
did not want to pay full ask.
And I explained to him that,
you know, it's not a building
that will negotiate.
- Did you really tell him?
- I did tell him,
but he was stubborn and he was
still wanting me to negotiate,
and he pushed me
and he pushed me.
Now the problem is
that they won't even take
the Schedule A pricing
that now my buyer wants.
They will only accept--
- Yeah, because they have
a lot of pent-up demand
waiting for the sales
to start.
I get it, you want to raise
those prices.
- But I think if there is a
chance for us to get Schedule A,
I'd like explore it and then
I'd like to push for it.
- Well, the problem with that
is you're not doing
the right job for, you know,
for the client.
You didn't do the right thing
for anyone in this transaction
when you could have done
the right thing for everyone
pretty easily.
- Man.
[sighs]
You know that feeling when the
person that you respect the most
tells you
that you are an idiot?
- You really have to think
this stuff out.
- How can you even fix
that level of credibility
that I just lost?
- It just makes no sense,
makes no sense.
- Next on "Million Dollar
Listing New York"...
- Thank you, by the way,
for letting me
come on the listing with you.
- Oh, it wasn't my idea.
- I would describe Amy
as the B...word.
- You spoke to our mutual client
without me?
- Bossy, bossy.
What'd you think
I was gonna say?
- I mean, Basquiat, Warhol,
they started right here.
If we can set the building apart
and be creative.
She's gonna transform me
to Andy Warhol.
You're gonna do something,
do it really.
Go all the way out.
- Honestly,
I don't set the prices.
The pricing is set by Steve.
- Steve Witkoff is a very
powerful man.
- Listen,
I don't mean to cut you off,
but we're not gonna get
to a deal.
- For more "Million Dollar
Listing New   York,"
check out bravotv.com.